README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update the readme file

README.md, after:

# Personal Website

This is my personal website, a web application built with Next.js and Mantine. It showcases my personal projects and interests, as well as providing information about me and my skills as a developer. It includes a projects section with details about the projects I've worked on, as well as an about me section where I share my interests and experience.

## Getting Started

To run this application, you will need to have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. You can then follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/hamidfarmani/personal-website-v1.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd personal-website-v1`
3. Install dependencies: `yarn`
4. Start the development server: `yarn run dev`
5. Open http://localhost:3000 in your web browser to view the application

## Features

This web application includes the following features:

- A home section showcasing my introduction as well as a link to my resume
- An about me section with a picture of me and details about my skills, experience, and interests
- An experiences section showing different companies that I worked in with my responsibilities
- A projects section displaying cards with details about each project, including a screenshot, name, description, technologies used, and links to the source code and live version
- A contact section with a form to send me a message

## Technologies Used

This web application was built using the following technologies:

- Next.js: A React framework for building server-side rendered web applications
- Mantine: A React component library for building modern web applications

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software for commercial or non-commercial purposes, as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in any copies or distributions.

## Contributions

Contributions, feedback, and bug reports are welcome! Please feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests with your improvements or submit issues to report any problems or suggest new features.
